# Preparation
## Unpack /opt/downloads/demoDB_3.0_with_administrator.zip into $HOME/elexis
## Preferences Textverarbeitung 
### Select Hilotec OpenDocument as Externes Textprogramm
### Disable "Unterstütze mehrere Textverarbeitungen"
## Preferences Hiletec-Opendocument
### Set path to editor, .eg. /usr/bin/lowriter
# Modify a single letter
## Open Elexis
## Select Patient Absolut Erfunden
## Open View Briefauswah
## Close LibreOffice (if open)
## Double-Click on 15.06.2007 Laborblatt. LibreOffice must start and open document with content

bc. Absolut Erfunden, Laborblatt gedruckt am 15.06.2007
[Laborwerte]

## Add new line "Change by tester"
## Elexis must have opened view for HiloTec-OpenDocument
### view must contain "1 open files"
### View must contain name of open file, eg. Erfunden_15_06_2007_Rezeptblatt.odt
## Close LibreOffice
## Elexis must have opened view for HiloTec-OpenDocument
### viewHiloTec-OpenDocument  must contain "Keine Datei geöffnet"
### View may not contain name Erfunden_15_06_2007_Rezeptblatt.odt
## Close and reopen elexis
## Open same document again and verify that it contains the line "Changed by tester". Keep it open
## In Elexis: Changing patients and selecting letters should not change view "HiloTec-OpenDocument"
## Select same document (Absolut Erfunden/15.06.2007 Laborblatt) again and double click on it
## Warning message "Die Datei /tmp/../Erfunden_15_06_2007_Rezeptblatt.odt" must appear. Click Ok.
## Select Patient Beeblebrox and double click on "14.06.2007 Anmeldung"
## LibreOffice must open a new window with a line "Ich bitte Sie um direktes Aufgebot der obengenannten Patientin zur fachärztlichen Untersuchung."
## Replace this line with "Changed by Tester. Patient Beeblebrox" and save the text in LibreOffice
## Select the other open LibreOffice Document and Change the line "Absolut Erfunden, Laborblatt gedruckt am 15.06.2007" to "Changed by Tester. Patient Absolut Erfunden".
## Elexis  viewHiloTec-OpenDocument must contain "2 open files" and show both filenames
## Close first the libreoffice Document for "Erfunden"
## Close second the libreoffice Document for "Beeblebrox"
## Close and reopen Elexis
## Verify that both documents contain the changes you made

* readme.textile durcharbeiten
* Ein Dokument öffnen, zu einen anderen Patienten wechseln (muss möglich sein, ohne dass ein Dialog kommt)
* Rechnung/Briefe öffnen & drucken (Drucken geht bei MSWord nur via Macro)
* Text-Anwendung ist schon offen wenn Brief geöffnet wird
* Mehrere Elexis-Instanzen fordern öffnen/drucken verschiedener Dokumente an
* Mehrere Elexis-Instanzen fordern öffnen des gleichen Dokuments an
* Druck mehrerer Rechnung soll flott gehen
* Unter LibreOffice sollte das leicht gehen. Für Parameter siehe [[http://manpages.ubuntu.com/manpages/oneiric/man1/openoffice.1.html]]
** Evtl ODF-Dokument in Elexis → PDF wandeln, z.B. via fop
